# software-design-document
Here is my posted work for Draw It or Lose It, this covers my experience working for the Gaming Room.  Here you can find what I completed within the project and my experience developing it.

While working for the Gaming Room I assisted in developmening a product titled Draw It or Lose It, the clients asked that we helped expand their playerbase by developing Draw It or Lose It as a web based version. There were several requirements suvch as browser support, scalability, cross platform hosting, real-time processing and more. In short the goal of these requirements were to develope a product that was accessible, efficient, and adjustable.

During development I excelled at planning the direction of the product while giving informed advise on the best way to host the game for high speed, reliablity, storage, and security. This lead me to suggest Windows to the client due to its simple hosting, high user count, and highly accessible development tools. Additionally I helped the team plan what was neccessary of this implementation focusing on important editions to ensure a quiality product.

The design document was crucial to ensuring implementations met customer expectations, this was made possible by reviewing crucial requirments within the app such as security and performance. Without this document it would be diffcicult to recommend an operating system as I would likely not have a guide on hwat users were requesting. When developing the code it was important to know factors such as; adding players to teams, running multiple instances of the game at once, and saving data.

If I could go back and change one part of my work I would revise my code to add teams as this was left out in my version of draw it or lose it. This implementations was crucial for creating an environment for coordination which is a crucial part of Draw It or Lose it. Additionally I could have handled the web version of the game better as I failed to develop a working version of Draw It or Lose it through the web.

I understood the user needs by following the requiremnts by following the design requirements listed by the company, the users requested security, lag proof games and account management. Its very important to understand user needs because it saves precious time on development by ensuring changes are what users want. It can also cost additional money on the company dime if changes that are made arent customer satistfactory.

I started by clarifying user needs and reviewing company requirements, then I researched the most effective operating system to meet user needs, this resulted in me recommended windows, this is because users requested speed, storage, and optimized server distribution. In the future I would optimize this task by honing in more on user requests and ensuring what I produce is up to customer standards as I personlly feel there was room for improvement when it came to user requests being satisfied, some things I would continue to do is my high detail research that ensures a best fit for customers.
